README.md, before:


<p align="center">
  <img width="300" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13785588/179449532-a4beb00f-0315-4386-9468-e494fc347224.png">
</p>

download latest version from https://github.com/olup/lunii-admin/releases/tag/next

This is a small desktop app to manage your lunii device.

Features :
- list installed story packs
- reorder story packs
- delete story pack
- Install third party packs (STUdio zip pack, more info on https://github.com/marian-m12l/studio)
- create your own thrid party story packs from a structured directory (details below)

## Creating your own story packs
https://github.com/marian-m12l/studio offers a full editor to create your story packs, by I find that overkill for most users.

This software lets you create a STUdio compatible story pack from a structured directory.

The structure needs to be as follows:
```
pack-name/
    title.mp3
    cover.jpeg
    md.yaml

    first-story/
        title.mp3
        cover.jpeg
        story.mp3
    
    second-story/
        title.mp3
        cover.jpeg
        story.mp3
    
    sub-menu/
        title.mp3
        cover.jpeg

        sub-story/
            title.mp3
            cover.jpeg
            story.mp3
```

the `md.yaml` file should have the following content:

```
title: <Your pack title>
description: <Your pack description>
uuid: <A single uuid - generate it from https://www.uuidtools.com/v4>
```

The use the "create pack" button from the app to convert such a directory to a `.zip` STUdio story pack.

You can then install the resulting pack to your device with the "install pack" button.

Commit message:

feat: add mention to WAILS in readme

README.md, after:


<p align="center">
  <img width="300" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13785588/179449532-a4beb00f-0315-4386-9468-e494fc347224.png">
</p>

[Download latest version](https://github.com/olup/lunii-admin/releases)

This is a small desktop app to manage your lunii device.

Features :
- list installed story packs
- reorder story packs
- delete story pack
- Install third party packs (STUdio zip pack, more info on https://github.com/marian-m12l/studio)
- create your own thrid party story packs from a structured directory (details below)

## Creating your own story packs
https://github.com/marian-m12l/studio offers a full editor to create your story packs, by I find that overkill for most users.

This software lets you create a STUdio compatible story pack from a structured directory.

The structure needs to be as follows:
```
pack-name/
    title.mp3
    cover.jpeg
    md.yaml

    first-story/
        title.mp3
        cover.jpeg
        story.mp3
    
    second-story/
        title.mp3
        cover.jpeg
        story.mp3
    
    sub-menu/
        title.mp3
        cover.jpeg

        sub-story/
            title.mp3
            cover.jpeg
            story.mp3
```

the `md.yaml` file should have the following content:

```
title: <Your pack title>
description: <Your pack description>
uuid: <A single uuid - generate it from https://www.uuidtools.com/v4>
```

The use the "create pack" button from the app to convert such a directory to a `.zip` STUdio story pack.

You can then install the resulting pack to your device with the "install pack" button.

---

Build in GO and React, desktop app powered by [Wails](https://github.com/wailsapp/)
